[hard rock music playing]
What's he doing?
[Dark Schneider]
Listen up, you defective reject.
I'm gonna tell you what happens next.
I, the almighty Dark Schneider, only care
about defeating you, and nothing else.
As for "good" and "evil"?
Who gives a crap?
I'm talking about a fight between two men!
In any case, time for you to die!
Come forth!
[Abigail] Abigail Collider!
Exodus!
Explode in flame and incinerate all!
[Abigail cackling]
Impressive!
You can cast any magic spell you want,
but Omega's armor will block them all!
You're right. The parts covered
by the armor have perfect defense,
but wait.
Did you know the parts not covered
were left completely defenseless?
[Dark Schneider roaring]
No! He's crazy!
Schneider, you're insane!
[Abigail screaming]
[Dark Schneider chuckling]
[Yoko gasping]
[music fades]
[Gara gasping]
[Arshes gasping]
[Arshes] No!
Darsh, please, no!
[Gara] Dark Schneider.
It can't be.
[Arshes sobbing loudly]
[both gasping]
[Yoko] Thank you, spirits.
Are you… are you crying, Dark Schneider?
[Dark Schneider]
Yoko said I could take her virginity…
[Yoko huffing]
[Dark Schneider] But it's gone!
[Dark Schneider sobbing]
My manhood's gone! [grunting]
[Yoko] You disgusting pig!
I wish you and your dick
would have died along with Abigail!
[Dark Schneider] I'm sorry!
[Yoko huffing]
[Yoko gasping]
[Yoko screaming]
[hard rock music playing]
[Dark Schneider] What? Abigail?
You're really not dead yet?
[Gara] That monster just won't die.
[Arshes] That's impossible.
Is this a nightmare?
[Abigail breathing heavily]
[Yoko straining, groaning]
[Yoko] No.
If I don't get free,
they'll all end up dying because of me.
[Dark Schneider straining]
Yoko!
[opening theme song playing]
♪ Save the pain for another day ♪
♪ Say you understand, swear to look away ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ What you feel isn’t real ♪
♪ Dry your tears, learn to pretend ♪
♪ Never take a stand, bow and comprehend ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ The less you think, the more you win ♪
♪ The less you give, the more you get ♪
♪ Bloody, power, fame ♪
♪ It’s all out of control ♪
♪ Out of control ♪
♪ Nothing will save us anymore ♪
♪ Standing at the gates of hell
Still wanting more, more, more ♪
♪ Bloody, power, and fame ♪
♪ But all we want
Is bloody, power, and fame ♪
[song fades]
[ominous music playing]
[Abigail] I just don't understand.
How could this possibly have happened?
I never thought I'd encounter someone
who could defeat The Demon Mail,
the Devil Mace, and the Satan Ring
once they have combined together
as the Super Demonic Formation.
[Abigail sighing]
This isn't how I planned it.
You are a formidable
and dangerous opponent, Dark Schneider.
I will admit, it's possible
that I have underestimated you.
Hey, Abigail!
Just give up!
You've got no chance of winning!
Why keep resisting?
You may as well just surrender!
Darsh isn't able to fight anymore,
that's true,
but if you try taking on
two of the Four Divine Kings at once,
you'll die for sure!
[Abigail] Hmm.
You say that like it should concern me,
but the only two people
who really know what's going on
are me and Dark Schneider.
[Arshes] What?
[Abigail] Oh, come on, Nei.
Do you think I didn't notice
that during our battle just now
I broke a few of your ribs?
Not to mention, it's obvious
you've used up almost all of your magic.
[Arshes gasping]
[Abigail] And Gara.
During your battle against Lich,
you injured ligaments
in both of your arms.
And, judging by your posture, it looks
like you've ruptured several organs.
[Gara seething]
[Abigail cackling]
You're trying to act tough,
but you can barely stay on your feet,
let alone fight.
And Dark Schneider, or what's left of you,
your biggest weakness
is now in my possession.
The Great Priest's daughter,
Tia Noto Yoko.
[Dark Schneider grunting]
The girl that you
and your host Lucien Renlen
are both passionately in love with.
[Yoko screaming]
You're gonna pay!
-[Abigail] Tool!
-[Dark Schneider grunting]
[Dark Schneider screaming]
[Arshes] Darsh!
[Abigail cackling]
Don't you dare make a move!
Unless, this pretty girl's life
isn't important to you anymore.
[Gara] Dammit! You're despicable!
[Abigail] Thank you.
That's the best compliment
I could ever receive.
[both gasping]
-[Arshes screaming]
-[Gara grunting]
What are the hell these?
[Yoko] You guys, be careful!
[Abigail cackling]
If you two want to sit and watch,
I'll let you live a while longer.
[Arshes and Gara screaming]
Oh! Pretty girl, do you hear?
Those two sound so beautiful.
You evil monster!
Why are you doing this to innocent people?
Just stop it right now!
No one deserves to be treated like this.
Don't you feel bad
about the horrible things you do?
[Yoko screaming]
[Abigail cackling]
Not in the least, pretty one.
The cries of desperation
from a foolish human
will be a memory you never forget.
Take a good look.
Witness the greatest tribute of all
to our most powerful god,
the God of Destruction,
the supreme being, Anthrasax.
[intense music playing]
[gasping] Lucien!
Don't worry about me!
You have to defeat him,
no matter the cost!
-[Dark Schneider grunting]
-What are you doing?
Why are you waiting?
You're a legendary wizard!
Abigail is worn out!
He won't have the strength he usually has.
This is our chance!
We have to kill him now!
This world isn't perfect,
but all the villagers and animals here
are just trying to live their lives!
The ministers and soldiers
who fought to keep us safe,
now we have to fight to save them!
We can't let them resurrect
the God of Destruction.
He'll destroy everything!
Please, Lucien!
[Dark Schneider gasping]
[Geo] Yoko…
[suspenseful music playing]
[Sheila exhaling]
Oh my.
It seems that the pretty girl
is the one who understands it the best.
The old you would have attacked me
without giving it a second thought.
However, now you suffer
from a weakness we call "being human."
So, Dark Schneider,
what is the human in you going to do,
give up and hobble home?
[Gara] No way.
I know Dark Schneider,
and he would never abandon her now.
[Gara grunting]
[Arshes] Darsh…
[music fades]
Great Priest, please.
[Gara] I can't do it.
I cannot trade my daughter's life
for the fate of the world.
It can't be helped.
[Sheila gasping]
Don't worry about me, Lucien!
You have to fight!
-Just do it!
-[Dark Schneider gasping]
[Abigail cackling]
You have made this too easy.
Tool!
[Yoko gasping]
-[Dark Schneider grunting]
-[Arshes] No!
[Gara] Dark Schneider!
[inaudible]
Lucien!
[Sheila gasping]
Dark Schneider!
[priests murmuring]
Come on, you idiot!
What are you doing just lying there?
Get up and fight already!
Where are your priorities?
The fate of the whole world
versus the life of a single girl?
What the hell are you thinking?
I…
I will choose…
I'll choose her instead.
[inaudible]
[dramatic music playing]
[Dark Schneider]
Instead of having the whole world,
I'd rather have her.
Yoko.
I… Lucien…
[Abigail cackling]
"Love." What is it good for?
Absolutely nothing.
I tell you,
love is such a useless emotion.
And such a destructive one
if you let it get a hold of you.
Dark Schneider,
you're a piece of useless flesh,
something to use for target practice.
You're no legendary wizard anymore,
you're just a hollow has-been.
Go on.
Tremble as imminent death approaches.
Let us all witness your pain
as you scream.
Let us hear your death cry
to the God of Destruction!
[both grunting]
[Abigail cackling]
[Yoko] Lucien…
[Yoko crying]
[Dark Schneider straining]
Tool!
[Abigail gasping]
Wait. Is that…?
Ritual Spider?
[Sean grunting] You're wrong.
It's because of love.
Love is why people
can become infinitely strong!
[Abigail gagging]
[hard rock music playing]
[Yoko whimpering]
What? It's you two.
Kai Harn!
And Sean Ari!
Empress Nei,
I apologize for being so late.
Sean Ari, what are you doing here?
Only one reason,
I came here to protect you, Empress.
[Sean chuckling]
Right. The Three Sorcerer Generals
will keep you safe.
[Dark Schneider grunting]
Take this! Yogeki Hyakuretsuzan!
[Kai grunting]
It seems the tide has turned, Abigail.
[Abigail seething]
[Arshes] You have used up
almost all of your remaining magic
controlling the three demonic treasures.
Will you stop fighting now?
[Abigail cackling]
What? What's so damn funny?
Again, you've underestimated my abilities.
You're right. I have used up
most of my magic and my physical strength,
but those are merely temporary.
However,
the Tentacle Breastplate I'm wearing
has tissue cells
from the God of Destruction Anthrasax
safely embedded inside it.
[Arshes gasping]
The… the God of Destruction?
You have some of his tissue cells?
Those cells from the God of Destruction
are charging me
with an unlimited supply of energy.
[all gasping]
And If I apply that energy,
I'll be unstoppable
because I can do things like this.
[undead moaning, groaning]
Huh? No.
[Lars exclaiming]
[Lars] Are those really the ghost knights?
What are they? There's so many of them!
And they're all coming right this way!
Could this be the might
of the God of Destruction?
-[undead growling, snarling]
-[Abigail cackling]
Now go, my lovely knights of hell,
and kill every last one of them.
Extinguish all life in the castle
and in the entire country.
Turn them all into offerings
for the God of Destruction, Anthrasax!
[Dark Schneider seething]
[Dark Schneider] Dammit, Abigail!
You freaking douche-canoe!
I'm gonna freaking kill you!
-[dramatic music playing]
-[undead groaning, growling]
Now go forth.
March on, my knights of hell.
Trample over anything
that gets in your way.
However,
you must not touch the Princess,
Sheila Tuel Meta-llicana is mine.
[Sheila's breath shuddering]
[Abigail] She's part of the plan.
[Abigail] We must break the seal
that resides inside her.
It's needed to awaken
the God of Destruction, Anthrasax.
Sean, will you take care of Darsh?
Yes. You can count on me.
Well, then it looks like it's time
to go rattle a few bones.
[Kai grunting]
[Arshes grunting]
[Arshes] It doesn't matter
how powerful he is,
and even if my magic completely runs out,
I'm not going to let him
lay a hand on Darsh!
[choir vocalizing]
[undead growling, snarling]
[Gara roaring]
[undead screaming]
Secret Hariken Sword Style!
Dragon Blast Demon Slash!
[undead growling]
What?
Where has she been hiding all this time?
[Gara grunting]
Gara, please get out of my way.
Uh-huh.
Everyone, back!
Secret Haouken Thunder Claw Strike!
[undead screaming]
Well, maybe you do have a little power
to fall back on.
But how long is it going to last?
-[Gara grunting]
-[undead growling, snarling]
There's just so many of them.
One more. True Majinken!
[undead growling, snarling]
Shatter to pieces!
Dio!
[Gara grunting]
They're all amazing.
[Yoko gasping]
-[Yoko] Sean! Lucien!
-[undead snarling]
Talisman Magic!
[grunting] Ritual Spider,
devour their corpses!
[undead snarling]
There's way too many of them.
-Kai, behind you!
-There's no time!
[Bon Jovina grunting]
[Kai gasping]
[sighing] Good thing we made it in time.
King's soldiers,
we must come to their aid!
We shall protect Meta-llicana
with our lives!
[triumphant music playing]
[Yoko gasping]
-[ninja] We're going to join them too!
-[ninjas exclaiming]
[soldiers and ninjas roaring]
-[Abigail] Hmm?
-[swords clashing]
[ninja] Master Gara!
All right. Let's go!
[Gara groaning]
-[ninja] Don't overexert yourself--
-Hands off me!
Now's the time I've gotta give it my all!
Fight, men! Fight to win!
[ninjas] Yes, sir!
Let's go, Murasame!
Take this!
Keiun Kininken!
[Head Priest] Oh!
Our knights and Gara's ninja army
are fighting together!
At this rate, I think we can win!
Keep fighting! We can beat those ghosts!
[Head Priest] Go! Hold steady, men!
[Abigail] This isn't going
to bring you a victory.
Even if you summon more troops,
it will only bring you more stress
and loss of life.
So, in that case…
Super Ghost Knight Composite Form,
authorize Program Drive.
-[undead snarling stops]
-[music stops]
[Arshes gasping]
What's he doing?
-[Kai gasping]
-[squelching]
[Abigail cackling]
-[hard rock music playing]
-[Abigail continues cackling]
Please, someone tell me,
what is that thing?
[priest] We're doomed!
Meta-llicana is doomed!
[Abigail cackling]
[Abigail] What do you think?
How do you like
this sinister figure I've created
by combining the skeletons
of fallen ghost knights?
Now I'm much more powerful
and capable than before.
[scoffing]
You just made the target larger,
so it's easier to hit.
True Majinken!
Huh?
[Arshes] Pact of Keiss
upon the altar,
blood of spirits, do not falter.
I call upon you to rain down lightning!
Take this!
[Arshes coughing, grunting]
-Empress Nei!
-[Sean gasping]
[Arshes straining]
Tesla!
[choir vocalizing intensely]
Nei, keep going! I think it's working!
[Nei straining]
Oh, no! Nei, are you all right?
Well, she's not so strong, after all.
Her magic has run out.
It's time now for our counterattack.
-[Super Ghost Knight roaring]
-[soldiers screaming]
-[Gara grunting]
-[Kai grunting]
How about this?
Magic Bullet Machine-Gun Strafe!
[soldiers and ninjas screaming]
-I don't believe this be happening.
-[music fades]
Where is Dark Schneider
and all of the people who are fighting?
[Lars gasping] No!
[Yoko groaning]
[Kai] Are you all right?
[Kai yelping]
-Oh no, Kai! You protected me…
-[Kai groaning]
[Arshes groaning]
-[Gara] Hey.
-[Arshes] Huh?
[Gara] Are you okay?
Gara, do you realize
you're missing an arm?
Really?
No, it'll grow back.
[Gara groaning]
[Arshes gasping]
[Arshes straining, groaning]
[Arshes] I think I broke my leg.
Please, no.
[crying] Dark Schneider,
you can't just die!
[Sean gasping]
I… I can't hear a heartbeat.
No! Dark Schneider, you've got to wake up!
Wake up! Dark Schneider, wake up!
[Sean sobbing]
[ethereal music playing]
[Lucien] Wake up.
Open your eyes.
Wake up, Dark Schneider.
[Dark Schneider grunting]
[Dark Schneider] Hmm?
Lucien Renlen, it's you.
Dark Schneider,
it's not yet time for your life to end.
First, you must protect Meta-llicana.
You must not let them break the seal
that lies asleep within the princess.
And you must not let them awaken
the God of Destruction.
Protect your friends,
who have been wounded
and unsuccessful in battle.
You and I together must protect them all.
Both the people we love
and the entire world.
What say you, Dark Schneider?
[scoffing] When did you ever become
such a whiny motor-mouth?
Who cares about the world?
And who cares about love?
That's pathetic.
I'm gonna tell you something
you need to remember.
The world is already mine.
And all the beautiful women
in that world already belong to me.
Abigail thought he could make me look
like a fool,
the darling, handsome hero
that was all talk and no bite.
But I'm gonna kill him.
Let's do this!
-[intense music playing]
-[choir vocalizing intensely]
Did you really think that getting one
of your ugly friends to help
was gonna make a difference?
Huh? Dark Schneider, he… he's alive?
[Dark Schneider] Hey, Abigail!
[Abigail gasping]
He really is alive.
Darsh, you've come back.
[Lars exclaiming]
[Kai grunting]
[Dark Schneider] Listen.
Lucien…
[Dark Schneider] This is the last time
I'll need to tell you.
I'm gonna kill you!
[music fades]
[ending theme song playing]
[song fades]